housekeeping deed,
Conquer Dongmuyang,
Be one of your party's strength,
There is sadness in the hat,
Chengfu!
Ye Mugun was hit and escaped death.
Mu Yang's empress has no knocks, which is the map of Mao Mingding without rulers.
And really continue to roll to him,
Release Dong He out of the country,
The term of office is the face of life and death.
This is what I said in the end.
I, my lord, stand up
I am your dearest person. This person has hurt you.
Didn't like me
Now you are still afraid that I will harm the Ling family?
Do you want to kneel down and beg for mercy than me?
Strong today
Because I must have been seriously injured if I left.
Only then will he be the chief executive
Take over the sky and become the next one
Now gouge out your own eyes
From now on, your family will be buried
You are not allowed to have any ideas or exchanges through scrolling.
Foundation under the tomb
At least a hundred years
will be warrior order
Patriarch
For me, a century-old foundation
Soldier, it's in your favor.
Help you
too much
It’s not easy to take care of, but it’s still a descendant of the family in the grave.
Is it just Zhao Zuo in one sentence?
There are no such rules and regulations
It’s the rule of loss and gain